## NEON isotope information analysis 
Information analysis on NEON isotope datasets 

#### [NEON EC dataset](/Flux%20and%20other%20data/)
The ecosystem fluxes and other meterological variables extraced from NEON for the support of this the mutual information analysis.

#### [NEON EC time corrected dataset](/alltime_time_correct_data/)
The time lag corrected dataset based on [NEON EC dataset](/Flux%20and%20other%20data/) as verified by [wind speed dataset](/Flux%20and%20other%20data%20verify/). This is the "OFFICIAL" dataset used in this NEON isotope information analysis.

#### [NEON NEON-DICEE dataset](/Isotope%20data/)
We obtained isotope datasets that were generated by [Finkenbiner, C. E., Li, B., Spencer, L., Butler, Z., Haagsma, M., Fiorella, R. P., ... & Good, S. P. (2022). The NEON Daily Isotopic Composition of Environmental Exchanges Dataset. Scientific Data, 9(1), 353.](https://www.nature.com/articles/s41597-022-01412-4), which is openly avaible from [Hydroshare](https://www.hydroshare.org/resource/e74edc35d45441579d51286ea01b519f/).


#### [Manuscript results](/MI_results/MI_and_PID_NEON_alltime_iso_time_correctd_2023-04-12.csv)
The .csv file for generating the Figures in the manuscript.

#### [Shuffled MI results](/ShuffleMIs/alltime_2023_time_corrected/)
The mutual information resutls that were used to perform significance test in the manuscript.

#### [Full ananlysis results](/code)
- Python Script for [data processing](/code/data_processing_docstring.py). 
- Python Script for [information analysis](/code/MI_analysis_docstring.py).
- Python Script for [shuffled information analysis](/code/shuffle_test.py).
- Jupyter Notebook for [all results ananlysis](/code/plot_visualizer.ipynb).



#### **Note**: The materials in this repository are associated with __*"Stable isotopes contain substantial additive information about terrestrial carbon and water cycling."*__, which is currently  under reviewer by Environmental Research Letters (ERL).  

#### **License**
[MIT](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)